At four o'clock in the hot June afternoon Mrs.  Panting 
repaired to her bedroom to change her frock before taking 
tea with the Headmaster's wife. Flimsy was already neatly 
arrayed for the occasion, and was waiting below.  Panting, 
his class-room labours o'er, was in his dressing-room, 
removing a collar limp with the exuberance of the afternoon's 
heat.  Collarless, he rushed into his wife's presence, summoned 
by screams of that shrill nature which, for some reason, 
 always seem particularly piercing when uttered by a 
female in distress. 
"My goodness! Robert! Robert!  Arc'hhch!  Kill it or something." 
"I don't know. Quick. Don't talk. Kill it.  Something horrible, 
like a monkey.  Urg'chh  I  It sprang  from 
behind the bed.  It's on top of the wardrobe. It's one of 
the boys!"  "One of the boys?" 
"One of the boys is responsible. Don't argue.  Do 
something.  Quick!  Get up on the wardrobe and kill it." 
"What  is  it?  My  love! Tell me, for heaven's sake, what?" 
"Control yourself, will you? Keep calm.  How can I 
possibly get on top of the wardrobe and kill a monkey?"
But  he  mounted  a  chair  and  made  a  distant,  unadventurous 
survey.  "Aha 1"  he exclaimed.  "So that's it, is it?  Oho. 
Yes.  I think I see." 
"Don't  keep  on  like  that,"  said  Flannel  Panting,  aundiced 
with  fright  and  clutching  still  her  disarranged  garments 
around  her  as  though  fearful  that  her  matronly  torso  might 
be  observed  by  the  monkey.  "What  do  you  see?  What 
is  it?  Do  something." 
"It's  a  squirrel.  It  belongs  to  your  favourite,  Noble, 
I  told  him  to  get  rid  of  it,  and  this  is  his  idea  of  a  joke,  I 
supposed to  put  it  in  your  bedroom.  I'll  have  him  flogged, 
if  not  expelled.  Fll  write  to  his  father  myself." 
"Well,  take  the  beast  away  from  here  first.  You  needn't 
think  I'm  going  to  share  my  bedroom  indefinitely  with 
squirrels." 
Flimsy,  who  had  been  attracted,  it  is  to  be  feared,  by  the 
sounds  of  her  mother  in  distress,  here  appeared  to  the  rescue; 
and  by  means  of  persuasive  noises,  such  as  are  alway associated 
with  the  blandishments  applied  to  beasts  and  infants, 
aided  further  by  an  open  parasol  belonging  to  Flannel,  which 
suffered  severely  in  the  good  cause,  managed  to  secure  the 
squirrel.  "Funny  thing!"  she  said.  "This  seems  to  be  a 
very  good  year  for  squirrels.  This  is  the  second  I've 
seen  to-day." 
"If  you  mean  there  are  a  lot  of  them  about,  it's  a  bad 
year  for  them,"  said  her  mother,  proceeding  heatedly  with 
her  toilet. 
"Give  it  to  me,"  said  Panting.  Flimsy  handed  over  the 
squirrel,  which  rested  Panting  and  declined  any  further 
sustenance from  that  source. 
