MY gardener is justly proud of his grandmother, who thinks she is eighty-three, and threatens to marry again. 
For the moment, however, she is content to feed bantams, scour the garden for eggs, and "do" for her 
grandson. Also she is conversationally inclined! 
Now it has long been my practice to give short notice (if any) when crossing from England, to reach Ballynaslob 
about dawn, feeling far from well. 
This gives me the opportunity of raising Cain over a superfluity of weeds in flower beds, over rakes, spades and 
mowing machines left to rust upon the lawn, and so forth. The only way, I find, to preserve even a semblance of 
law and order in the land of the Free and Easy. 
It was on just such an occasion that I descended one morning upon the garden, and went on the warpath 
according to plan. 
My gardener, we call him "Bertie" and his official designation is Albert Edward O'Shaughnessy was, as had been 
anticipated, conspicuous by his absence. He had gone to ground in the potting shed, and was absorbed in the creation 
of a rabbit hutch wherein to imprison ferrets.  Moreover, he was using my new set of carpentry tools, the case of
 which I had left securely locked a fortnight before.  Those under his authority reclined on a bench before him, smoking 
cigarettes. Having said "good  morning" to O'Shaughnessy, I congratulated him on his ingenuity, admired the rabbit hutch, 
and added that in my humble opinion the general condition of the garden fell short of perfection.  And when he had 
finished making idle excuses, I inquired after his grandmother. "Where is she now?" 
Bertie knocked ashes from his pipe, kicked long limbs about, and grinned like a gargoyle under the church roof. 
"Is ut me grandmother?  Gosh I but it's a horrible woman she is.  She would be up to mischief somewhere round about 
as loike as may be."  She was!  I discovered Mrs. O'Shaughnessy perched upon a twenty-foot ladder, from which altitude 
she gave me the "glad  eye". 
"Come down out of that at once,"  I cried.  "You know you are far too young to be climbing ladders." 
Mrs. O'Shaughnessy cackled, felt for the next last rung but two, missed it, and let out a yell. 
"Steady, now"  She steadied, and upraised her voice. 
"May the good God spare ye,"  she exclaimed, with aggressive loudness. 
"Thank you very much," said I, "but do, for Heaven's sake, be  careful, Mrs. O'Shaughnessy, because you are not 
insured."  She descended somewhat, and addressed me further.  "An 'tis plazed an' proud we are to have ye back on us 
again, as them lads has Bert's heart broke the way they would be idiin' around an' him working himself to the bone for yer honour  the day long an' howlin' in his sleep o' noights along with the cats being in dread that ye'd be springin' it on 'im 
unprepared loike, an' them sparrograss beds all anyhow" "It's a fine day, is it not ?"  said I. 
"Foine day is ut?  'Tis hailstones as big as ginger-ale bottles that were after killing me dead not a Sunday ago." 
"Yes, that's the worst of your Irish climate! but tell me, Mrs. O'Shaughnessy how are all your cocks and hens  ?" 
"Hins and cocks is ut?  My God, me sowl is blistered wid chasing after them damned  bantams!" 
I expressed regret  "An'  an' oh, my Lord I whutt the divil's the matter wid ycr appearance?" 
Then I remembered she had not seen me since the removal of a small and colourless moustache. 
Mrs. O'Shaughnessy arrived on terra fir ma and pierced me with an eagle eye. 
"Well?"  I asked. "What compelled ye to tear out yer whiskers?" 
"Why?  don't you consider it an improvement?" It was evident that she did not; also that for once in a 
way she was at a loss for a suitable reply.  Then her nationality came to the rescue. 
She exclaimed,  "ye look thousand toimes the gintleman ye were" 
